I love my job. I cannot imagine loving another job more than I love my
job. It really is. It's like a gift that I've been given on, Baby.
It's because I didn't seek it. I just kind of honestly stumbled into
it. And here I am, and I just can't believe how lucky I am. Toe have
the job that I have and to do the work that I dio I have so many wonderful
opportunities. I you know, my colleagues are amazing and they're
so smart. And my students are again just wonderful and so hopeful
and so brilliant and so full of energy and life. And I love it.
And I was actually walking Thio thesis defense on this was back a couple
semesters ago. Um, and it was it was actually on a Saturday. And
so I was going into work on a Saturday, and part of me was just like,
I gotta go to work on the Saturday But I thought about it a bit,
and I was like, You know, what part of my job is going to listen too
smart New thinkers tell me all about their brilliant ideas, like That's
the best job in the world who gets to do that? That's incredible.
That's what I get paid to. Dio is Thio. Think about things that
interest me to talkto other people who are super smart and interesting
and to nurture the next generation of smart and interesting people
like this is the best gig going.